the stock market had been riding on the
Trump flation a rise on what is known as
Soft Data the hard data shows weakness
and that is obvious the thought is that
lower taxes would equate to a better
economy and that could be true but not
unless these plans were actually
followed through unfortunately the
government doesn't want to ease the
burden on individuals and businesses so
so perhaps the stock market is waking up
to this hard reality you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
today we are going to look at a few
indicators beginning with this the Holy
Grail of technical analysis the 50 day
moving average and then you have the 200
day moving average between these two
indicators some people base their
entire investment decisions on these two
alone technical analysis I believe it's
important look you've seen many charts
on this channel over the years I believe
in them but I don't believe that we
should invest based on these charts like
if I look at the 50-day moving average
and it moves below a certain level all
of a sudden I should therefore you know
sell or buy or what have you no no no
you need to look at the bigger picture I
have covered hundreds of indicators here
and each one of them is integral to the
decisions that you make not just one or
two indicators that's crazy you can't do
that that is risky and surely I'm sure
people just using these two make a lot
of money but you can't just go ahead and
do that if you want to be smart about it
so what we're looking at the 50-day
moving average it crossed below this
line it's not the first time it's done
this let's be realistic about this but
it does show you some cause for concern
anytime these technical analysis uh
lines get
crossed then that starts to trigger
algorithms that's what you need to pay
attention to this could reverse in the
trend continue higher there's no doubt
but I believe that
it's could suffer a little bit more I
believe at this time because of the
tensions that we are seeing with North
Korea with Trump with China with
everything that's
happening that gold could see a little
boost at this time at the same time you
can see some volatility in the US Stock
markets that's short term I don't know
what will will happen in the midterm and
we absolutely know what's going to
happen in the long term but those are
just some points that I wanted to make
interconnected with this is this here
now the font is much too small I'm going
to move on to another chart but
essentially what they're talking about
is the red line and one point that they
make here essentially
since Trump got in we have seen a rise
okay so I'm going to move into the S&P
chart this not of Google Finance showing
you the S&P is over 2,300 now at this
time a lot of the gains that we have
seen recently were around the time where
Trump was put in so here it is however
ever since
February we have seen stagnation and
perhaps even a little bit of a
decline and this goes back to what I
said initially where we have the hard
and the Soft Data a lot of this was
based on expectations and the stock
market may be waking up to the fact that
maybe we're not going to see the level
of the expectations we had maybe there
are some rolling back on certain issues
and therefore you know let's take it
back a notch and that's what could
happen like I said could reverse I don't
know but I think that that's sort of the
trend that's happening now
I also have been hearing rumors about
the FED cutting back on their balance
sheet that's that's very dangerous but
of course they said that about interest
rates that they would raise them and it
took them years and years and years and
years to just raise them such a fraction
of a percent so let's take it for what
it is then we move into this indicator
us stock market capitalization to
GDP it's just one
indicator but I'm going to note a few
things from it don't make this the be
all and all okay but it shows you that
in one of the biggest
booms bubbles I should say in history
the do com boom to move back to that
level right now shows
you how overvalued things have become
in all sense but I wonder the cap if you
suggest it's overvalued what about the
GDP when you have to
figure the GDP is fraudulent to begin
with so are the market caps I don't know
what to believe anymore look we
surpassed what happened during the
financial crisis and we saw what
happened
afterwards let's hope we don't see this
again but but the trend is pretty clear
it gets to a particular Peak and it
comes down gets to the peak comes down
where that Peak you know where it is
exactly I don't know but let's keep our
eyes peeled on this
one federal government receipts 12 month
rolling year over-year
okay you see the trend but I want to
note and express my caution here that
it's not significant it's negative 1.3%
year-over-year
drop I believe with all this talk about
lowering Taxation and everything else
there should be more receipts coming in
we should see a dramatic rise in that
but we haven't and I really hope that we
do should there be any tax breaks I
believe that this could turn around big
time oh the Bank of
Canada how I love thee
you just said in your statement
today that you want
housing in areas like
Toronto to continue to expand to be one
of the biggest bubbles that we've seen
in a very long
time they said that they would leave
rates untouched after discussing should
we decrease interest rates if you can
believe that from 0.5 they were going to
go lower but instead they said let's
hold off for now forget about increasing
rates even though
the rates that you see on mortgages
right now are ridiculously low interest
rates overall are very very low and it
is causing a major bubble that has
appeared in real estate in areas like
Vancouver
areas like Toronto Montreal others but
right now the eyes are all on Toronto
it's extreme and the government has
stated that they are not going to do a
single thing about it
wow so you want something you want some
key
information if what I look at for this
particular
situation real estate will continue to
rise
in these areas as long as the government
doesn't step in that's the way I see it
unless something drastic changes real
estate is just going to continue to
increase every single
month we're heading into the spring
especially this right here is more
robots delivery robots they are
everywhere now around the world and this
seems to be the trend the article
basically talks about the fact that
they're a little clumsy and they're
going to hog the sidewalks and
everything else um to me that's
insignificant in this regard but what I
would just say is that once again jobs
that perhaps a lot of
individuals aren't that happy about
perhaps
but at the at the very least they jobs
but that's being taken
away now this is uh Kim Jong Trump I
don't know if you've ever seen this
individual uh this is a real person
definitely and uh we will be
seeing what happens perhaps by the time
you already have seen this video there
going to be some big news coming out of
North Korea there will be perhaps some
retaliation on the other side by the US
it's huge I don't know what this is all
about but apparently there's some big
news coming and I'm really concerned
about
it I don't
know what the plans are I think it could
be a nuclear device being
shown and that would obviously make for
some
retaliation so it's concerning but
anyway we'll see what happens tomorrow
keep your eyes peeled on the news
and um hopefully this doesn't escalate
we seen what's happening with China
saying they're putting troops On The
Border North Korea they're getting ready
there's all these warships being put
there you have China saying you know
don't do this be careful Russia what's
happening with Syria there's all these
different things that are concerning and
we just need to cool the off a little
bit you know calm down cool off this is
very dangerous if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
when you give me a thumbs up it helps to
push these videos higher up in the
YouTube search rankings so every time
you do that it is much appreciated I
assure
you last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you'll find my
books the money GPS and global economic
collapse even more informative the first
book is a about the four asset classes
and how to profit from it and my new
book is becoming self-sufficient
reducing your monthly expenses and so on
and the two together see I have the
money GPS formula and the first one the
money GPS strategy in the second one and
together they are able to give you what
you need to break free from the system